Make the admin notification mechanics contextually aware (of the user and of the admin screen) (#767)
Automattic/woocommerce-subscriptions-core: changelog.txt

= 8.0.0 - xxxx-xx-xx =
* Fix - Safeguards added to the Subscriptions Totals template used in the My Account area, to guard against fatal errors that could arise in unusual conditions.
* Fix - Correctly load product names with HTML on the cart and checkout shipping rates.

> * Fix - Admin notices are now locked down to the current user by default.

Reviewer: Offering an alternative changelog entry:

```suggestion
* Fix - Improve our admin notice handling to ensure notices are displayed to the intended admin user.
```

🤷

Author: Yes, that's nicer. Committed!
